I know a guy who works for Pilot, and when the company I worked for downsized
and lost
my job, he just was like, "Hey, think about adjusting."
He didn't have anything that I could ride along with him and kind of see and
get some
hands on.
And I'm not one of those people that just wants to be thrown in the deep end.
Started watching some of your videos, I talked to my wife and I said, "I think
this is the
best option without me being to physically go get my hands on it.
This is the best thing for me."
I mean, I looked at a couple of others, but traveling off somewhere was out of
the questions.
I liked your videos and the letter of recommendation.
When you're starting brand new in any industry, if someone will vouch for you,
I think that
goes a long way.
It's this or bust, really.
I love the program.
I'll probably at some point take it again.
I mean, it was very easy to follow along with everything.
The screen sharing you do in Xactimate, being able to follow along, pause the
video
for a minute and look and see, you know, "Am I doing this properly?
Does it match your screen?"
But it's that hands on.
I mean, I learned by doing and so that kind of stuff is gold for me.
Everyone's financial situation is different, but if you can afford to put that
kind of
money for it towards that, it will benefit you greatly.
I mean, I was already on a few rosters prior to this, but I mean, what was it?
Friday, I got the notification that here's your certificate and we'll be
sending the
these recommendations out.
And by the end of the weekend, I was getting emails and yesterday I got a phone
call from
Alacrity.
I was already on the roster, but I got a phone call saying, "We were notified
that
you finished this training and we want to put you at the front of our standby
list for
new people.
Do you have anything else you need to let us know about licenses or whatever?"
And then today, I got an email from Sedgwick and I previously was declined.
I got a license and I applied to Sedgwick and they're like, "And unfortunately,
you
don't meet our criteria."
I need an email from today and, you know, I'm in a chat group on Facebook with
a bunch
of new people and they're all the same questions like, "You guys got any leads
on anyone hiring
right now?"
Like, yeah, people are hiring.
They're just not hiring new people with no experience and it's like, "Listen, I
don't
know what you guys can't afford to do right now, but if you don't have anyone
that can
take you out with them to show you hands on stuff, strongly consider this
program because
it's phenomenal."
I told my oldest son, "Think about adjusting.
You like to travel around and see things.
You like to hands on the stuff and you have these aspirations.
This would be a good fit for you.
I'll help you if you want to do it and you want to, I believe in this program
enough
that I'll help you.
I'll pay for the program.
You can pay me back once you start getting your first claims done or whatever.
I don't know how
Anyone can take this program and not benefit from it.
You have the online community.
You have all the videos you make yourself available.
I mean, to me it shows a heart and passion for wanting to make sure people are
informed
and trained, and so I think that's a big thing.
Even without the letters of recommendation, I still think it's beneficial.
Fast Track is the most hands-on I've had.
I think you more than held up your end of the bargain.